reversion reversion....

I propose to investigate this reason further through empirical research,
using the data available in Wikipedia's edit history.

According to Sue, women don't edit because their edits are likely to get
reverted. Implicit in this assertion is that men's edits are less likely
to be reverted or that women are more affected by reversions to their edits.
I thus have two hypotheses.

1. An edit by a woman is more likely to be reverted than an edit by a man.
2. A man is more likely to keep contributing after having his edit reverted
    than a women is after her edit is reverted.



For this study we would know the genders of the editors. This is quite
difficult to determine because editors usually do not indicate their genders
and because women sometimes indicate that they are male in order to avoid
harassment (cite some things?).

Instead of using gender of editors, we will use, as a proxy, genders of
the subjects of articles. We will compare the reversions and edits to
biographies based on the genders of the subjects of the biographies.


To test our first hypothesis, we will compare the rate of reversions between
biographies about men and biographies about women. With each biography, we
will count how many edits were made in total and how many edits were reversions.
This will give us a percentage of edits that are reversions. We will compare
this percentage between biographies about men and biographies about women.




To test our second hypothesis, we will look a bit deeper into the data.
We will look at each user who edited a biography and had the edit reverted
and check whether the user continued editing the biography after the edit
was reverted. We are interested in whether the user continued editing the
article because it indicates whether they have the confidence to continue
editing even after her or his edit was reverted.

Since our interest is the role of gender, we will compare the reaction to
reversions by gender. Using the gender of the biography as a proxy for the
gender of the editor, we will compare the reactions to reversions between
male and female biographies; we will check whether the gender of the subject
of the biography is correlated with whether people continue editing after
a reversion.
